i need a few packages re made since they dont work on arm32 i need a 
service like postfix but it cant actuallly be postfix it has to be 
different then postfix. the requirements are: IT must run with termux root
on arm32 android on a motorola athene that is rooted must work for real, must
have easy to remember commands, must not use any pre done packages must be written
in the c programing language not rust, not python, not java, it must use only c, i 
must be simple and reliabel no fancy cli grpahics, it has to support everything postfix
does bit written to work on termux. it also must run with magisk. must support all adnroid 
devices must be fast also it cannot be slow. It must have clean visuals no fancy setup process
but it needs to work jsut as postfix does and even better. if you need anything from me tell
me and i will get you it. the package will be named NexusMtA. another package/service i need
you to create is a smtp server that works along side NexusMTA you figure out how the smtp
package will be set up but again no ousite packages ecerything needs to be written in c 
and from complete scratch no outside dependicies. another one you need to remake is 
devcot same requriements as before with teh other two packages/services you find 
out hwo to make ti but it msut work with the other two. they also all msut be 
able to work with other packages of those types not jsut the nexus ones. the devcot
 remake should be called NexusMP. and once again they need to not use any outside packages 
 or services but they must work perfecttly with eachother and if people decide to use it with other pakcages. You also need to implment a way fro dkim  this will be hosted on my custom domain dont use any .md files ever it needs to work on multiple architextures adn operating systems: ubuntu/debian linux os, wsl, docker, 32 bit termux, 64 bit termux, x86_64 linux, amd64 and aarch64 linux. each package needs its own folder and inside those folders there need to be folders for each of these: ubuntu/debian linux os, wsl, docker, 32 bit termux, 64 bit termux, x86_64 linux, amd64 and aarch64 linux. inside those folders there need to more folders specifically:Apt, snap, src(or the main actual files that make it work)